Personally, I don't know anyone that I knew by name that has died in the
military. However, I have witnessed, well not witnessed, I have known
of people who have gotten seriously injured. So for instance, someone
that I spent a couple years with on my first aircraft carrier,
that person became a chief, and he went to the next ship and unfortunately
he was in a very large circuit breaker accident. All the navy
heard about it, and it especially affected his last ship. We all
knew him. That's just one example. Every now and then you hear about
people falling down stairs or you know running down and like hitting
their head on one of the thin windows, the thin sills of the doors.
Or gettting their fingers trapped in some kind of door. Or minorly
some electrocutions, but death I haven't experienced so much of yet.